Wu Shao
A Ling, I didn't protect her well.
Let her go through so much alone
Over the years
I'm always trying to put things at ease
I didn't expect it.
He had already planted the seeds of hatred in his heart
How can I blame you?
If it wasn't for the mobile organization
Mullin and you will not fight in this way
he
So you already knew it all
You communicate with him privately
To overthrow the mobile camp
Yes
Why didn't you tell me sooner?
If you had told me earlier
You won't die
If I had told you earlier
Can you still focus on revenge?
Mu Ling already knew
Own Dongying organization for so many years
After all, it is hard to escape and easy to die
In order not to involve you
So I chose to use this method
End your life
nonsense